📝 Improve documentation on `fields.md` (#6137)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/fields.md

The `Field` function is used to customize and add metadata to fields of models.

> You can see the full API reference for `Field` [here](/api/fields/#pydantic.fields.Field).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [`Field`](/api/fields/#pydantic.fields.Field) API reference for additional details.
```

#> first_name='John' last_name='Doe'
```

## Number Constraints

There are fields that can be used to constrain numbers:

* `gt` - greater than
* `lt` - less than
* `ge` - greater than or equal to
* `le` - less than or equal to
* `multiple_of` - a multiple of the given number
* `allow_inf_nan` - allow `'inf'`, `'-inf'`, `'nan'` values

Here's an example:

```py
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field
class Foo(BaseModel):
    positive: int = Field(..., gt=0)
    non_negative: int = Field(..., ge=0)
    negative: int = Field(..., lt=0)
    non_positive: int = Field(..., le=0)
    even: int = Field(..., multiple_of=2)
    love_for_pydantic: float = Field(..., allow_inf_nan=True)
foo = Foo(
    positive=1,
    non_negative=0,
    negative=-1,
    non_positive=0,
    even=2,
    love_for_pydantic=float("inf"),
)
print(foo)
#> positive=1 non_negative=0 negative=-1 non_positive=0 even=2 love_for_pydantic=inf
```

> ??? info "JSON Schema"

Reviewer 2: Ooh I like this. I'll be interested to look at the page when it's done but I think this is a good approach to keeping this page more digestable

    - `ge` and `le` constraints will be translated to `minimum` and `maximum`.
    - `multiple_of` constraint will be translated to `multipleOf`.

    The above snippet will generate the following JSON Schema:

    ```json
    {
      "title": "Foo",
      "type": "object",
      "properties": {
        "positive": {
          "title": "Positive",
          "type": "integer",
          "exclusiveMinimum": 0
        },
        "non_negative": {
          "title": "Non Negative",
          "type": "integer",
          "minimum": 0
        },
        "negative": {
          "title": "Negative",
          "type": "integer",
          "exclusiveMaximum": 0
        },
        "non_positive": {
          "title": "Non Positive",
          "type": "integer",
          "maximum": 0
        },
        "even": {
          "title": "Even",
          "type": "integer",
          "multipleOf": 2
        },
        "love_for_pydantic": {
          "title": "Love For Pydantic",
          "type": "number"
        }
      },
      "required": [
        "positive",
        "non_negative",
        "negative",
        "non_positive",
        "even",
        "love_for_pydantic"
      ]
    }
    ```

>     Check the [JSON Schema 2020-12] for more details.

Reviewer 2: What's going on here — is this supposed to be a link?
```suggestion
    See the [JSON Schema Draft 2020-12 Spec](https://json-schema.org/specification-links.html#2020-12) for more details.
```

Author: The link is in the bottom of the markdown.

#> first_name='John' last_name='Doe'
```

> ## Number Constraints

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Numeric Constraints
```

> There are fields that can be used to constrain numbers:

Reviewer 3: maybe
```suggestion
There are fields metadata that can be used to constrain numbers:
```

Author: I guess it would be "metadata fields", but I actually prefer without the "metadata" word 🧐

Author: I guess it would be "metadata fields", but I actually prefer without the "metadata" word 🧐

Reviewer 3: Yeah. metadata sounds better

Reviewer 3: I get the feeling from `There are fields ...` that you are going to list some fields below :)
That's why I suggested field metadata

up to you, whatever you decide is fine for me as well.

Reviewer: Language used going back to V1 is "arguments to constrained types" https://docs.pydantic.dev/dev-v2/usage/types/standard_types/#arguments-to-conint

> There are fields that can be used to constrain numbers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are some keyword arguments that can be used to constrain numeric values:
```

* `gt` - greater than
* `lt` - less than
* `ge` - greater than or equal to
* `le` - less than or equal to
* `multiple_of` - a multiple of the given number
* `allow_inf_nan` - allow `'inf'`, `'-inf'`, `'nan'` values

Here's an example:

```py
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field

class Foo(BaseModel):

>     positive: int = Field(..., gt=0)
>     non_negative: int = Field(..., ge=0)
>     negative: int = Field(..., lt=0)
>     non_positive: int = Field(..., le=0)
>     even: int = Field(..., multiple_of=2)
>     love_for_pydantic: float = Field(..., allow_inf_nan=True)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    positive: int = Field(gt=0)
    non_negative: int = Field(ge=0)
    negative: int = Field(lt=0)
    non_positive: int = Field(le=0)
    even: int = Field(multiple_of=2)
    love_for_pydantic: float = Field(allow_inf_nan=True)
```

foo = Foo(
    positive=1,
    non_negative=0,
    negative=-1,
    non_positive=0,
    even=2,

>     love_for_pydantic=float('inf'),

Reviewer 2: 🤮

    The above snippet will generate the following JSON Schema:

    ```json
    {
      "title": "Foo",
      "type": "object",
      "properties": {
        "positive": {
          "title": "Positive",
          "type": "integer",
          "exclusiveMinimum": 0
        },
        "non_negative": {
          "title": "Non Negative",
          "type": "integer",
          "minimum": 0
        },
        "negative": {
          "title": "Negative",
          "type": "integer",
          "exclusiveMaximum": 0
        },
        "non_positive": {
          "title": "Non Positive",
          "type": "integer",
          "maximum": 0
        },
        "even": {
          "title": "Even",
          "type": "integer",
          "multipleOf": 2
        },
        "love_for_pydantic": {
          "title": "Love For Pydantic",
          "type": "number"
        }
      },
      "required": [
        "positive",
        "non_negative",
        "negative",
        "non_positive",
        "even",
        "love_for_pydantic"
      ]
    }
    ```

    See the [JSON Schema Draft 2020-12] for more details.

## String Constraints

> There are fields that can be used to constrain strings:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are field metadatas that can be used to constrain strings:
```

```py
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field

class Foo(BaseModel):
    short: str = Field(min_length=3)
    long: str = Field(max_length=10)
    regex: str = Field(pattern=r'^\d*$')  # (1)!

foo = Foo(short='foo', long='foobarbaz', regex='123')
print(foo)
#> short='foo' long='foobarbaz' regex='123'
```

1. Only digits are allowed.

??? info "JSON Schema"
    In the generated JSON schema:

    - `min_length` constraint will be translated to `minLength`.
    - `max_length` constraint will be translated to `maxLength`.
    - `pattern` constraint will be translated to `pattern`.

    The above snippet will generate the following JSON Schema:

    ```json
    {
      "title": "Foo",
      "type": "object",
      "properties": {
        "short": {
          "title": "Short",
          "type": "string",
          "minLength": 3
        },
        "long": {
          "title": "Long",
          "type": "string",
          "maxLength": 10
        },
        "regex": {
          "title": "Regex",
          "type": "string",
          "pattern": "^\\d*$"
        }
      },
      "required": [
        "short",
        "long",
        "regex"
      ]
    }
    ```

## Decimal Constraints

> There are fields that can be used to constrain decimals:

Reviewer 3: same

* `max_digits`: Maximum number of digits within the `Decimal`. It does not include a zero before the decimal point or
  trailing decimal zeroes.
* `decimal_places`: Maximum number of decimal places allowed. It does not include trailing decimal zeroes.

Here's an example:

```py
from decimal import Decimal

from pydantic import BaseModel, Field

class Foo(BaseModel):
    precise: Decimal = Field(max_digits=5, decimal_places=2)

foo = Foo(precise=Decimal('123.45'))
print(foo)
#> precise=Decimal('123.45')
```

## Dataclass Constraints

> There are fields that can be used to constrain dataclasses:

Reviewer 3: same

1. The `baz` field is not included in the `model_dump()` output, since it is an init-only field.

## Field Representation

The parameter `repr` can be used to control whether the field should be included in the string
representation of the model.

```py
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field

class User(BaseModel):
    name: str = Field(repr=True)  # (1)!
    age: int = Field(repr=False)

user = User(name='John', age=42)
print(user)
#> name='John'
```

1. This is the default value.

## Discriminator

The parameter `discriminator` can be used to control the field that will be used to discriminate between different
models in a union.

```py requires="3.8"
from typing import Literal, Union

from pydantic import BaseModel, Field

class Cat(BaseModel):
    pet_type: Literal['cat']
    age: int

class Dog(BaseModel):
    pet_type: Literal['dog']
    age: int

class Model(BaseModel):
    pet: Union[Cat, Dog] = Field(discriminator='pet_type')

print(Model.model_validate({'pet': {'pet_type': 'cat', 'age': 12}}))  # (1)!
#> pet=Cat(pet_type='cat', age=12)
```

1. See more about [Helper Functions] in the [Models] page.

See the [Discriminated Unions] for more details.

## Strict Mode

> The parameter `strict` can be used to control whether the field should be included in the strict mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameter `strict` can be used to control whether the field should be validated in "strict mode".
```

> TODO: Should we explain what is strict mode here or add a link?

Reviewer 3: If there is a section about `strict mode` add the link. otherwise a short description would be good here.

Reviewer: There is a /usage/types/standard_types/#strict-types section currently, would it be a good idea to update or expand it?

Reviewer 2: I think it makes sense to make a new section about strict mode, probably documented in the model_config section of the docs. For now let's just leave it as a TODO comment.
```suggestion
[TODO: Add a link to documentation about strict mode]
```

user = User(name='John', age='42')  # (2)!
print(user)
#> name='John' age=42
```

1. This is the default value.
2. The `age` field is not validated in the strict mode. Therefore, it can be assigned a string.

## Immutability

The parameter `frozen` is used to emulate the [frozen dataclass] behaviour. It is used to prevent the field from being
assigned a new value after the model is created (immutability).

See the [frozen dataclass documentation] for more details.

```py
from pydantic import BaseModel, ConfigDict, Field, ValidationError

class User(BaseModel):
    model_config = ConfigDict(validate_assignment=True)  # (1)!

    name: str = Field(frozen=True)
    age: int

user = User(name='John', age=42)

try:
    user.name = 'Jane'  # (2)!
except ValidationError as e:
    print(e)
    """
    1 validation error for User
    name
      Field is frozen [type=frozen_field, input_value='Jane', input_type=str]
    """
```

1. The `model_config` field is used to enable the validation of assignments.

    See the [Validate Assignment] section for more details.

2. Since `validate_assignment` is enabled, and the `name` field is frozen, the assignment is not allowed.

> ## Customise JSON Schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Customizing JSON Schema
```
